across the years of me unboxing chairs
folks in the comments have said that my
sitting posture is not so good so today
we're going to be bringing in a doctor
to tell me how good my seating posture
really is and the chair that we're going
to be doing that with is the Razer isker
V2 which I have here we unboxed the
first one on this channel a couple years
ago enjoyed it let's take a look I'm
actually daily driving a razor chair
right now the fujan pro that we unboxed
the last video on this channel but
what's really cool about the iser and
something I haven't really seen since I
did that video is their lumbar sport
system which they've improved for this
model so I'm really excited to see what
they've got maybe I'll have to switch my
chair out again I don't know we'll see
this is pretty standard compared to the
fujan pro and the other razor chairs
that we've unboxed what I enjoy is that
they have the gauntlets don't shoot from
your chair no Rockets don't surf it
don't sit on somebody sitting on the
chair it is time to take your throne
flip the sheet to see the assembly guide
or check out the video got what's inside
assembly looks good looks clear let's
see if I can do it all right all right
everybody's got to stay organized we got
our instructions there we're going to
put our pieces in nice little order so
we don't get confused and then build
this thing back rest head pillow hey
these are flat that's different I don't
believe this was flat before on the old
model accessories oh my God that's heavy
the instructions want you to play co-op
but I'm more of a single player gamer
myself so we're building this thing solo
accessories open here there we go one of
the things that I've liked about
building razor chairs recently is that
some of the screws that you need are
pre-installed so there's just less that
you have to deal with okay
instructions number one put the casters
on the base put this part goes in there
okay number two this like
this number three this is what I mean
about the screws being pre-installed
which is great they're already right
here for you waiting we need to loosen
them these gloves look cool and I feel
protected but I don't have a lot of grip
so it's a little bit harder to unscrew
these screws so we're facing that way
goes like this screw everything back in
step three I loosen step four I
tightened this is on step five is now to
attach this to this I don't play
co-op is that actually on
there sturdy and we loosen these same
thing on the other side
next step is putting the back rest onto
the base of the
chair let's do
it line these guys up something that's
kind of neat is they've actually got a
guide on the one side so not all chairs
have this sometimes I struggle actually
lining them up but it just slots in on
the other side which lines up this side
makes it really easy to install it's
great that Razer includes a screwdriver
but I'm going to use the LTT store.com
screwdriver last thing we want to do is
just put on these covers to where we
were just screwing in everything and
then we're basically done beautiful nice
and clean so clean and we're done and
I'm ready to talk to the doc right after
I tell you about today's sponsor thanks
to War Thunder for sponsoring today's
video War Thunder is a free-to-play
comprehensive vehicular combat game
there's an arsal of over 2500 different
vehicles for you to Pilot War Thunder is
about the details like how it feels to
drive your War Machine the sound it
makes and how they fall apart as you
defeat your enemies their signature
x-ray damage system lets you see how the
vehicle falls apart and exactly where a
vehicle's hit so you can strategize for
the next battle join over 70 million
people across the world on PCS and
consoles with crossplay at the link in
the video description doctor welcome
thanks for having me um I'm Dr Matthew
who I'm a physical therapist and I've
also been in gaming for the past eight
years so part of what we do is make sure
that the players and uh Pros that we
work with stay healthy and be at their
best and looking at your posture and
your ergonomics is a part of that people
in our comments say that my posture is
not very good sometimes so I I I really
need your help first do you have any
aches and pain
I do not have any aches and pains so to
the best of your abil abilities set up
at whichever posture you want me to
assess whether it be gaming or work
let's start with controller cuz I've got
a controller in hand right now yeah just
assume that natural position and what I
like to look at to start is actually
starting from the very bottom and are
your feet supported boom yes they are
very nice and I want to be able to
determine the chair height if I were
there I would actually kind of like look
at your leg length because that can tell
us sort of agnostic of whatever chair
we're using what the chair height should
be at to make sure that our thighs are
parallel with the ground right and so
yours actually seems a bit higher so
lower it a little bit so that your
thighs become parallel with the ground
and that's just to avoid too much
pressure here at the end of your thigh
distal thigh and then or too much
pressure here at your butt right like if
it's too high you'll put too much
pressure there which can limit blood
going back up to your heart or to your
brain or everywhere else and that can
make you tired so good so that that
looks good and and you lean back so uh
this is definitely good to know that
that's the next part I look at which is
the back rest and lumbar support with
you there I see you're obviously a
little bit rounded little bit rounded
little bit
rounded and that's actually okay right
it's okay for us to sometimes be in
these postures but if I wanted to really
be nitpicky and say hey like let's do
optimal let's get optimal biome
mechanics in Ideal World you be sitting
upright so start by sitting as upright
as possible and then you know let's say
you weren't doing this console where
would you set this lumbar support what
height would you set it at it's great
question have to think about that I
think a lot of people are lost right
when when when they like oh how where
should I even put it probably the most
common is like oh let me just kind of
put it where the arch of my back is
that's not a bad start but there's
actually a place where you can put it
that makes it feel easier to sit up
right right below my lower like the
small of my back think about like at the
top of my pelvis you want the lumbar
support to be there because it's
essentially keeping you upright by
maintaining that pressure there so
because you actually like leaning back
what I like to do is make just make sure
that the lumbar support is set inward
right so that it doesn't put too much
pressure on your lower back can you see
how far it's coming out right now I
don't know if you can capture that Andy
but it's it's out there yeah and so
what's cool about having that ability to
protrude out is if you lean back into it
it's going to feel a little bit
uncomfortable over time but it actually
can serve as a reminder for you to move
more and they've actually shown in
research that the people maybe there's
people in your office that kind of
fidget a lot and move those people tend
to have a lower risk of developing lower
back issues because they're moving more
they have more frequent postro shifts so
you can actually use it as a tool to say
wow I know I'm going to game for the
next two and a half hours let me set it
out a bit more so that I can just move
more remind myself to move more
interesting so you're saying you know
even if I'm not going to get out of my
chair and move moving within the chair
and different postures is actually good
for you yes exactly now let's look at
the armrest right and so this one a lot
of people always get really confused on
where they should actually set it up you
actually have a pretty decent setup
right now so so what I like to do is
help you understand where your shoulders
naturally rest so sit all the way up
like this then you shrug your shoulders
all the way up and then just let it
naturally
fall and that's actually the resting
position of where your shoulders are
going to be however because you lean
back slightly that also changes right so
then you can kind of fall into that
natural position where you kind of roll
back and same thing shrug and then let
it fall and if it's coming into contact
a bit sooner just lower it a little bit
because you don't want your shoulders
slightly elevated yeah that makes sense
I'm kind of a gremling gamer I think I
uh I usually have my shoulders up I'm
like it can lead to problems but you
know you don't even have pain right it
doesn't mean that it's going to lead to
a problem for everyone if you want to
use the ne cervical support you can but
it's not really that necessary for most
right if you lean back that like you do
it can be helpful for you because it's
going to naturally fill up that space
that will be there so that's going to be
a nice addition for most people that
like leaning back but hey when you're at
work you're probably not even using it
you're probably like this right do you
want to check out your PC setup real
quick let's do it real quick all right
uh does this desk adjust yeah hold on
I'm a short boy I got to lower the desk
only goes up what do you mean it only
goes up you're too short I'm too short
for this desk are you serious that's a
bro this is actually a really super good
example right bring it up so your your
the armrests are level level with the
desk but then my feet aren't going to
touch the ground exactly exactly dude
I'm sure too I have a foot rest the main
and big picture thing here is if you're
moving a lot and you're getting up and
taking breaks every hour you don't have
to change uh postures and positions I
guess if there's one thing to remember
we always just say you know your best
posture is your next posture so just
keep moving well thank you very much for
your time doctor uh we'll we'll chat
soon before we bring a few more people
on let's just talk about some of the
adjust stability features that this
chair has before we get to that the
first thing would be the 4D adjustable
armrest we go up and down we go forward
backward we can swivel and we can go
side to side for four dimensions we've
got 152 of leaning
back and we've got a memory foam pillow
which I don't mind it's fine I'm not a
big head pillow guy chairs rated for up
to 300 lb and up to 200 cm tall which I
am not I am short they have a leather
and a fabric variant of the chair we're
sitting in the leather chair which has a
different type of leather on this one
compared to the V1 and it's rated to be
softer and then the last and most
important thing of this chair and the
thing that I like the most about the
iscar V1 that has been approved is the
lumbar support system so both of these
knobs will control the support system
and what's really cool is it goes in and
out it goes up and down and it goes side
to side which is really cool so like as
I'm moving it is still against my back
and it feels firm and it feels good so
if if I'm sitting crossed leg I'm
leaning like this I've got back support
if I'm going like this and I'm talking
to the coach which I like to talk to
couches I guess I don't know uh still
supported this chair whether you get the
synthetic leather variant or you get the
fabric variant
$649 and it comes with a three-year
warranty or a 5-year warranty if you
sign on for their extended warranty
program now that I'm the doctor we're
going to bring a few people on I'm going
to roast their postures most doctors
have 4 to 8 years of training I've had
about 4 to 8 minutes so this is ought to
be good Sven is our first uh victim or
patient I mean I heard that you were
chosen because you have the worst
posture and Belle told you to come down
here yeah that's exactly true why why
why do you have bad posture what's wrong
I don't know it's was probably hunched
over like this how I usually sit all
right neck far forward you know just
show me how you play Counter-Strike how
do you sit when you play Counter Strike
I mean you're tall you probably don't
need the Apple box right no all right d
all right let's take this apple Bo get
out of here this is for short people
like me all right how are we sitting
here here you need some you typically
sit back you do you sit in the chair
when you game I try more to but as soon
as I start gaming I start slowly leaning
forward leaning forward so I've been
told that you don't you don't need this
you don't you don't need this pillow
it's gone well you don't have to sit
like that you don't have to sit like
that that feels terrible I mean
basically if you're sitting forward you
don't need the neck pillow that makes
complete sense so okay we start with the
feet feet are on the ground he's tall
he's his legs are pretty close to perp
icular I mean should we should we lower
that chair a little bit I don't know we
could probably we could probably lower
the chair a little bit let's lower this
a little bit oh my God oh my God next up
is the lumbar support system so right
now how does it feel on your back feels
very nice very supported very supportive
is this better or worse
terrible I like a lot of lumbar support
okay so basically if you're leaning
forward a lot you should have it further
out so that it kind of corrects your
back posture as you're leaning forward
it makes it harder for you to sit
terribly okay the other thing I got told
and actually before I tell you I need to
ask you how much do you move in the
chair when you're sitting in gameing are
you pretty do you just Lock and Load and
just go or are you like different
postures I'd say move around I really
like the one foot over one foot or I'll
do the cross-legged too you know I got
told that moving's good really I know
I'm surprised moving's healthy really
cuz when I sit like this for a prolonged
period of time it hurts
wait hold on you're sitting like that
for how long 2 3 hours oh that's bad no
you're supposed to move like every hour
that's bad I don't do that okay well
you'll be okay you're young do you have
any back
problems slightly oh we didn't cover
that in
trining last thing Sven is raise your
shoulders up drop your shoulders and
where your elbows land is where your um
armrest should be oh right so your
armrest should be higher so like does
that feel good or bad I don't like
armrest well I at the chair I have at my
house I took the armrest off we didn't
cover that in triny anyways do you like
the chair it's better than most gaming
chairs of s like yeah it's okay next our
next victim I mean patient is Hoffman
Hoffman take a take a seat dude take a
seat how's your posture amazing do you
have any back pain uh sometimes yeah
okay okay we'll uh we'll try to fix that
oh does it cure my back pain the chair
yeah it uh it could if you sit right sit
how you would when you're
editing stop I think Belle found me like
this stop is that how
you wow this is I I don't know a lot but
I don't know if this is great okay wow
okay first off yeah your your feet and
your legs um I mean maybe that's fine
it's almost perpendicular it is fine
like look my hand is straight it is fine
he's telling me how to do my job all
right that's fine okay lumbar lumbar so
you're leaning back so it should be in a
little bit more does that feel good or
bad worse worse the other way had more
support I think more support okay you
like that does it does it go all the way
up bro I don't even know what to do
you're so sludge bro I don't even know I
don't even
know so my this can't you need a head
pillow hold on can't C my posture hold
on all right how's that feel how's the
head pillow it's all right it's not bad
okay next thing if that's how you sit
sleep on
it your shoulders okay hofman can you
raise your shoulders up like this and
then drop them and then where do your
elbows hit that's where your armrest
should be oh wow you're like a magician
it's got to be lower okay well let's
let's lower them
dude a little biter do you use the armor
can you adjust it I can adjust it for
you if you want
but it's not bad I don't even know do
you like the chair oh gaming chairs are
kind of the same that's fine that's okay
that's okay the hump feels very strong
likes the hump okay yeah yeah is that a
tactical you know I kind of need a new
chair it's actually not bad it's strong
it's it's like pushing me but it's
cushion so that's it for me posture
Potter I like the chair the lumbar
support system is honestly my favorite
out of any chair I've sat on even a lot
of the Ergo chairs that I've sat on this
is more supportive but chairs are
subjective so I hope you learned a thing
or two and uh make sure to like the
video if you liked it check out some of
our other videos and we'll see you on
the next one bye